As I said before, the haiku carries a significant weight called the Kidai.
This is the thing that has been with us since 400 years ago, since the birth of the haiku, until today.
The Kidai is the thing that has been with us since 400 years ago, since the birth of the haiku, until today.
If you pass the Kidai, the haiku will be destroyed immediately.
You must not make a mistake.
If you pass the Kidai, the haiku will be destroyed, but the dead will not be destroyed.
It will be destroyed as a new person, but the haiku will be destroyed.
I will use the most artistic words to express the Kidai,
In order to distinguish the other person, the haiku is a Kachoufuei literature, that is, Kachoufuei poetry.
The Kidai is represented by the four characters of the Kachoufuei, and the second character of the Kachou is included.
The haiku is the Kachoufuei literature.
This is the same meaning as the Kidai, the Kikai is a Kikai literature.
The number of letters is 17, and the literature is limited by the Kidai.
It is considered to be an unfair literature, which is narrowed down and is put in a handkerchief.
In fact, it is not possible to say that it is a free literature.
However, as you get used to it, you will understand that it is not so unfair and surprisingly free.
It is a kind of long spear in a narrow room, and at first it seemed very useful, but it is gradually improving.
It is common to say that it can be used in a variety of ways.